[16th August, 06:24 AM]

As soon as I wake up, I check my surroundings. I'm still trapped in my cell. That's a good thing. As weird as itt sounds. It means the scientists didn't move me in my sleep. It's always bad when that happens. But it's even worse when I wake up alone and realise they've taken my brother instead. It makes me crazy with anger and fear. Anger that he's likely being hurt and I'm not there to protect him, and fear of not knowing when - or if - he'll return.

Thankfully, they didn't take him last night. He's still asleep beside me. I could feel his shoulder against mine as soon as I woke up. Our cell has two single bed frames, bolted against the wall. But we never use them. Even when we were little kids, we never used them. Instead, we drag the mattresses off each night and pull them into the centre of the room. We put them side by side and pile them high with blankets and pillows. Then we'll cuddle up to sleep. We call it our nest. It's so comfortable, I love it. We don't get to have many luxuries, so I've learned to appreciate them wherever I can get them.

Like this moment right now. It's quiet. There's nothing but the deep, soothing sound of my brother's breaths. I'm warm, curled up in soft sheets. There's no guards or scientists telling me what to do. There's no pain, no experiments, no drugs, no training exercises. I'm safe and can relax. I know it won't last long, but I savour every second of it.

Zeta lets out a snort and I turn to look at him. His shoulder-length brown hair covers half his face, but he looks relaxed. No nightmares then. But there's a trail of drool leading from the corner of his mouth to the pillow beneath him and I laugh quietly to myself.

, and I spend a few minutes watching him sleep. This is one of the only peaceful moments I'll have all day, and I do my best to savour it. It's quiet, except for the sound of my brother's deep breaths. It's soothing.

His breathing is deep and soothing.

Zeta lets out a snort and I turn to look at him. His shoulder-length brown hair covers half his face. There's a trail of drool leading from the corner of his mouth to the pillow beneath him. I smile.

This is one of the only peaceful moments I'll have all day, and I do my best to savour it. The only sound is Zeta's deep breathing
